Caltrans / State of California eServices Use Policy, as presented at PeMS account
signup (pems.dot.ca.gov), archived 2026-08-09. Policy self-dated December 7, 2000,
and "subject to change without notice."

Key passages, verbatim:

OWNERSHIP
"In general, information presented on this web site, unless otherwise indicated, is
considered in the public domain. It may be distributed or copied as permitted by law.
However, the State does make use of copyrighted data (e.g., photographs) which may
require additional permissions prior to your use. In order to use any information on
this web site not owned or created by the State, you must seek permission directly
from the owning (or holding) sources. The State shall have the unlimited right to use
for any purpose, free of any charge, all information submitted via this site except
those submissions made under separate legal contract. The State shall be free to use,
for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, or techniques contained in information provided
through this site."

LINKS TO OTHER SITES (monitoring and prohibited-use clause)
"This web site and the information it contains are provided as a public service by the
eServices Office. This system is monitored to ensure proper operation, to verify the
functioning of applicable security features, and for comparable purposes. Anyone using
this system expressly consents to such monitoring. Unauthorized attempts to modify any
information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to
utilize this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may result
in criminal prosecution."

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
"The State makes no claims, promises, or guarantees about the absolute accuracy,
completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this web site and expressly disclaims
liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this web site."

(Full policy text retained by the maintainer; the passages above are the ones bearing
on this project's use of the data.)
